Text Replacement Script

This script performs text replacements in a specified file, following a predefined dictionary of replacements. Additionally, it extracts a specific value from the file contents to customize one of the replacements.

Purpose

The primary purpose of this script is to automate the process of replacing specific text patterns in a file with predefined values. This can be particularly useful when you need to update or modify code snippets in a file while keeping the rest of the content intact.

Features

    Replaces designated text patterns in a target file using a predefined replacement dictionary.
    Extracts an actual grip value from the file contents and utilizes it to customize a replacement.
    Handles potential errors, such as file not found or general exceptions.

How to Use

    Place the script in the same directory as the file you want to perform text replacements on (on_robot_script.txt).

    Open the script in a text editor or integrated development environment (IDE) of your choice (VS Code).

    Customize the following variables in the script according to your needs:
        file_path: Specify the path to the target file.
        replacement_dict: Define the replacement dictionary with the text patterns and replacement values.

    Run the script by executing it using Python:

    python run.py

    The script will perform the text replacements based on the replacement dictionary, and a success message will be displayed upon completion.

Note

    The script assumes that the target file is in a readable format (e.g., text-based file) and that the text patterns specified in the replacement dictionary exist in the file.
    In the replacement dictionary, the placeholder <grip_value> is used to denote a value extracted from the file. The script will automatically replace this placeholder with the actual grip value from the file contents.

Error Handling

The script incorporates error handling to address the following scenarios:

    If the specified file does not exist (FileNotFoundError).
    If an unexpected error occurs during text replacement or file operations.
